hello welcome to coppell toys presents
i'm your host king Grimlock and today
we're going to be having a look at war
for Cybertron and Megatron now when the
first pictures of this guy came out the
toy anyway who was with me when they
thought oh what have they done the mags
are the arms look terrible because it
was obviously miss transformed now that
I have him in hand I've been sort of
avoiding everything until I could get
him in hand and have a good look at him
he is sensational he is an utterly
brilliant transformer and I picked this
guy up at AI when I was working there
and he is possibly than one of the
noises from the generation line and
possibly the best toy that I picked up
at auto assembly now here he is in his
hover tank mode it's just a big gun on a
triangle at the end of the day he's it's
nicely detailed but everything about
this toys focused on the robot really
there is very little that is actually
there for the the vehicle mode as it
were you know you have these little
pincers very reminiscent of a mod of
Megatron and you can transform him into
his tank mode very simply by going and
different not much at all and to be
honest completely unnecessary nice to
have it in there but I don't know
they're just everything about this just
screams about his robot mode and it's
kind of a while I want to focus on all
this beautiful paneling detail and
there's all these lovely lovely lovely
little panels picked out all over him
and there's so much intricate detail has
gone into for example the fusion cannon
alone has got hours of sculptor detail
all the way through it it is all about
the robot and i'm just going to crack
straight into it because it is that i'm
going to gush about and war for
cybertron Megatron in his a robotic
glory water piece solid chunky highly
poseable simplistic transformation there
isn't too much to it but what you end up
with is this wonderfully
asymmetrical finish to him I'm sure it's
deliberate the fact you have these
different panels on each arm there's
different size to them whereas the legs
and the central body the same to offset
this massive fusion cannon which is as
you can see pretty much the same height
as he is but it doesn't look overbearing
for in like the masterpiece Megatron one
which is just huge and completely over
ways the toy this this just oozes
quality just because of the amount of
detail to it I mean let's have a closer
look at that look at the sculpting down
it look at the quality of what they
don't obviously it does what all good
missiles do it fires but the detailing
the work that's gone into it the fact
that the buttons actually got sculpting
on it and different colored paint apps
amazing work amazing work from Hasbro to
get this guy looking as good as they
have and I haven't played the game are
for shame but from what I can gather
this is an ideal representation of them
opposed ability is great as you can get
back on there as you can see arms
swivels and joints all over the place
and that's part of a transformation but
you can sort of work it to your
advantage the hands are completely
unpause of all they are joint to join
points through the middle and it doesn't
mean that you can't hold any weapons but
when you've got something that big on
your side do you really need to hold a
gun legs solid it seems to be the war
for cybertron aesthetic especially with
the Decepticons of the legs are very
chunky they're very ground heavy at the
bottom very very heavy at the bottom is
that even a phrase I do not know chunky
it the in the leg Department and while i
love it i mean i love the aesthetic
cover all these sharp edges especially
you compared to all the curved edges up
here and the softer parts up here it
does seem quite in congress to the rest
of the robot you feel like these leg
sections should be smaller they should
be slightly tidier at the bottom but it
is reminiscent of the g1 toy you have
these big panels if you remember the
about a grip
of the gun it made up the legs and you
had these you know these much darker
heavier areas at the bottom of the toy
round to the back and this it why am I
taking your in the back because it's
kibble free but look that detail look at
the sculpting on that look at the
sculpting all over the back of the toy
yes you have these panels on the back
who cares but you know the X to the
interior was the interior of where the
wheels were the all the sculpting are
the back the all this is at the back
look at the work that's like something
had Geiger it's awesome it is
beautifully done again you'd kind of
want all of this level of detailing all
over the toy because there isn't that
much of the front it's very focused on
this chest and head area the head sculpt
is fantastic old bucket head is back and
you just know this is a little bit of
detail around the the stomach area
around the ABS and everything but
nothing to the detail and the work and
the love and affection is obviously gone
into that point and the symbol on the
back which is very reminiscent of the
the Fallen sarcophagus in revenge of the
Fallen the adaptation and the Defiant
aligns whether it was you know that
image there in the middle very
Decepticon esque really really nice
works gone into him and as I say this
could have been one of my highlights
have also assembly being able to pick
this guy up and he's one of the
highlights of the generations and you
know I loved I loved drift I mean I
gushed about drift for like a tag us
proud refer hours and have done since to
everybody who doesn't own him telling
them to get one but this guy is almost
as good this is definitely the best of
the war for cybertron stuff by a country
mile so far and i think it's because we
had such oh I had such low expectations
of it after those first terrific images
when he was sort of SAT there like you
know like that and didn't have his
fusion cannon it was just bad bad bad
bad bad time he can take his fusion
count on either arm depending on are you
do you want you're ambidextrous Megatron
personally I like on that side because
you have the much larger area around
there in all I can't recommend this guy
enough he is available now like a pal of
course get one if you have any of the
other war for cybertron stuff especially
the prime or the bumblebee and Soundwave
now that he's out as well coming out as
well you know you always do it to
yourself to get this guy because the
other ones while have looked better in
the process of making them this guy is
the more complete form this guy's had
the more time and attention lavished on
him and the love lavished upon him which
the others I don't know the one of the
transformation is this is a simple
transformation especially compared to
the other two this is a legend class in
comparison to the other two but you know
what this guy is better this guy is the
one I would recommend from the war for
cybertron line without a doubt